GreedMud Release 1.0 GOLD
Thursday, 8th May 2003

Zen             <greedmud@yahoogroups.com>



=== Introduction

GreedMud is based on Ultra Envy Merc Diku Mud with many enhancements 
and contributions.  See 'contrib.txt' and 'help greed' for acknowledgements.
Send me your contribution, and you'll be in there too!

Enjoy the mud.  May your visit here be ... Profitable.

An ANSI C compiler is required. GCC works fine.

I decided to put the areas back in the distribution and drop the ANSI C++ code
due to popular demand. Hence the GOLD.


=== Contents of the Release

	archive	Archive files.
	area	Area files.
	backup	Divided into subdirectories for player files (initially empty).
	clans	Clan files.
	classes	Class files.
	dict	Dictionary files.
	doc	Documentation.
	log	Log files    (initially empty).
	mobprog	MobPrograms.
	notes	Note files.
	player	Divided into subdirectories for player files (initially empty).
	src	Source files.
	sys	System files.

Each directory contains a README file that is designed to explain the contents
and purpose of that particular directory.  Please READ them!



=== Support

First, read the documentation in the 'doc' directory.  I have mostly been
keeping the documentation files up-to-date (ahem).

Also check the 'wizhelp' command and read the 'help' descriptions for the
individual immortal commands.

(Immortal commands are considered now and must be edited into
 playerfiles manually.  See 'pfile.txt' for more details)

GreedMud has a mailing list, at <greedmud@yahoogroups.com>.  Send mail to
<greedmud-subscribe@yahoogroups.com> to join the list.

When you write, I need to know what kind of machine you're running on.  If
you can give me specific information about the problem, that helps too.

Specific information means: a gdb stack trace (if you're reporting a crash),
or a syslog with the relevant commands logged.  The player files are ascii
files -- dump them into your mail message too.

If your e-mail is too vague, I'm likely to bounce it back.  There is one
of me and hundreds of you -- I simply can't engage in long-distance debugging,
on unknown platforms, with the added factor of more code that you've dropped in
since the release.
Then again, some of the other folks in the mailing-list may be able to help you.


Enjoy!
